Okay, everyone. So we are ready for our second workshop in our death room open source in
the European legislative landscape. We have some general rules. I think Simon want to
talk about them. No, this is okay. So we have some general rules for the whole death
room. That means for the next two hours, this is true, but also for the rest of the day.
Please, we have some issues here with like the sound quality in the room. So please,
remain as quiet as possible. And if possible, please only change rooms in between the sessions.
So we are having like quick changes in between. So there should be enough time to like leave
and enter the room again. And also we have this microphone. And there's only this one
microphone. It looks a bit strange to talk into it, but it's important for us that people
in the livestream can follow us. So this means if you want to address a question, please wait
until we are around to see microphones so that people in the livestream can also follow us.
We in this workshop want to build on what we just like discussed in the workshop before. And I think
Mirko put it very correctly to say we should stay in the dialogue. And the question is how do
we stay in this dialogue? And how, yeah, shall we do this? What have we learned? For example,
during CIA, but also other debates. And this is basically what we are going to discuss in the
next two hours. So we will talk with Martin and Enzo about their CIA experience. Then we will talk
to Jean-Luc and Clementine. They will show us about how important open source projects to the
European Commission and how they are funded around NGIO. And then we will talk with Cyril
about future EU free software regulation. And then we want to turn this workshop here into a
panel which then turns into a fishbowl conversation. And I will also then later explain you how this
fishbowl conversation works out as soon as we go to the panel. But now I would be happy to see
Enzo and Martin. Would you be so happy to join here and then we go to our very first talk of
Martin and Enzo. Who wants to start? You.